- [Instructor] Now that our Kubernetes cluster
is running in the AWS Cloud,
we need to look at how can we migrate our application
that was running in the Kubernetes cluster
on this desktop to the Kubernetes cluster
running in the Cloud?
That's called migrating your application
from one cluster to another cluster.
That's a technical flow that you will go through,
where you are building your application
on your local desktop and when ready to go to production,
then you may migrate to the Cloud.
So, first of all, let's look at kubectl config get-contexts.
The context is indeed set correctly
to the cluster running in the Cloud.
Now, we deploy that application as a Helm chart
and so we need to deploy Helm
in this particular cluster, as well.
Now, Helm server-side component Tiller
requires special permission on the Kubernetes cluster.
We need to build a service account for Tiller
to use and enable permissions for it
and then we can install Helm in EKS.
So let's look at the commands on how we can do that.
Here are the commands by which we can install Helm in EKS.
I'm going to copy this command and paste it in my terminal.
First of all, it creates a service account.
Then it gives the right rbac permissions
and then it initializes Helm,
using that particular service account.
So here you go.
Now our Helm is up and running
in our Kubernetes cluster running in the Cloud.
And how do we verify that, once again?
We can say kubectl, get pods
and look in the kube-system namespace.
There it shows Tiller is up and running.
So now we are ready to deploy our application
into the Kubernetes cluster.
So once again, go to manifests/charts directory
and we can just say Helm install name myapp
and of course, our rue directory for the chart, my app
and press Enter.
This time, the exact same application
that was deployed on our local desktop cluster
is now getting deployed to the Kubernetes cluster
running in the Cloud.
So essentially, in terms of migration,
what you're looking at is,
literally just change your context
from one cluster which is running on your desktop
to another cluster which is running in the Cloud
and then redeploy the application.
The fact that your manifests are exactly the same,
the docker images are exactly the same
so there is very low impudence mismatch
in terms of your dev and deployed environment.
Oftentimes I've seen developers building
their development cluster even in the Cloud
and that's certainly an option.
So you can use EKS ctl to create multiple clusters,
but the mechanism is still the same.
You set up a context,
you do your development cluster,
and when you're ready, change the context
through the prod cluster
and then migrate your application.
Let's look at our service here
and while we are at it,
let's look at service deployment and pods.
Now, here is our service up and running,
deployment looking good, and so is pod.
Because in this case, service is deployed
in the Kubernetes cluster running in the AWS Cloud
and the type column LoadBalancer,
our ELB or an Elastic Load Balancer
is automatically a provision for you,
thereby exposing the service,
and of course, the ports are listed over here
so 8080 is a port where this service is going to be accessible
and 5005 is our DBAC port.
Now, it takes about two to three minutes
for the ELB to be provisioned and ready to be used
so we'll speed up the process
and then we will see how we can access the service.
After waiting for a couple of minutes,
we expect that the ELB will be up in provision.
So let's go ahead and access the service.
For that, we're going to copy the command from the browser.
Here's the command that we're going to copy
and if you recall, this is the same command
that we have used earlier
and it really allows us to access the service
independent of the Cloud environment
or the desktop environment.
Copy and paste the command here.
Once again, it's saying curl
http://$kubectl get svc/greeting
and give me the host name for the Ingress
using the jsonpath.
Here is the port and here is our context.
Walla, this is our service now running,
packaged as a Docker container running inside a pod
in a Kubernetes cluster running in the AWS Cloud
and we are accessing it from our console.